welcome to another video from going
through clips today we're going to be
showing you how to do star trophy to pay
for a handful first we need to download
a pieces called star stacks when we
found on the internet the links in the
description keeps download and now all
that does is put all the photos together
and gives you the starter secondly you
just need to get clear moonless nights
of check the weather
chatter by the forecast and make sure
you ruin our with no light pollution
streamlines for car lights and babies
trying to get as far away from any
lights off as possible being on a hill
can be dangerous in a way because you
can get a librarian from towns
reflecting into the sky but just you
know try different occasions and you can
see first tried doing you just go out
and have a look to see where you can
find the best place to be and once I got
the right looking she'll ever get a good
tripod I've got my 1/2 my DSLR camera
GoPro these are really really good the
one that they came on the Box there
they're really good for holding the
camera stay one nice flat surface and
also it's gonna be nice to record them
I've got my tripod mark as well can be
used to pop it onto that from the
northern hemisphere you can get the pole
star the photos on screen now is where I
pointed it there then the stars about
there rotating around it now you've got
a tripod set up and you're in the right
location there's the right weather clear
moonless night as I said you can set
your camera scroll across to multi shot
setting press the Settings button on the
side once select night lapse 30 second
shutter speed and continuous interval if
you want to you can turn on spot me to
approach you want me to allows you to
get a better and sort of like you're
inside in a car and preaching allows you
more editing range if you're going to
use Lightroom or Photoshop all over now
the camera set up get onto the tripod
and start framing to use if you've got
the go corrupt you can use up to frame
switch your Wi-Fi camera car or using
the hero4 silver you can use the screen
the LCD screen on the back of the camera
once you taking a test shot and you've
got the frame correct you can then take
a dark frame this is useful for this
star sacks program which takes any noise
than way up here in the camera sorry on
the photo
now all you've got to do is here process
at the top of the menu
use the grenade overlay just to cover
just the Stars bubble doing a threshold
and the amount once you've done that it
fills in all the gaps and then you're
asked for photos ready click export' on
top of our save file as a JPEG and
that's your start all done
I think your staff shows tonight well
let me know how you got on in the
comments you've got any questions we
wanted to pop them in there if you want
you can stick them up our Facebook page
or tweet me them and I'll give you some
tips or scoop of other people in do so
if you want to do that don't forget to
hit subscribe online YouTube channel if
it's the first time you're watching any
of my videos it like on my Facebook page
and follow me on Twitter regular updates
a little bit kind of behind the scenes
different things I'm doing in the
weekend or when I'm recording so I hope
this videos helped as I said I've got a
present I posted in comments below thank
you for watching and I'll see you in the
next video